clean up and make install docs on proxy consistent (#3595)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/transfer_proxy_config.adoc

.Procedure: Copying the Proxy Configuration

> . If notalready done, copy the configuration archive ([literal]``config.tar.gz``) generated in the previous step from the server container to the server host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If not already done, copy the configuration archive ([literal]``config.tar.gz``) generated in the previous step from the server container to the server host:
```
